[OUDS] feat(docs): added draft components to component versioning page (#3673)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components.mdx

---

import { componentsDetails } from '../../../data/components-details'
import { getVersionedDocsPath } from '@libs/path'

<Callout
  type="info"
  title="Component versioning"
  titleLevel={2}
  action="Check OUDS components status and version"
  actionHref={getVersionedDocsPath('/getting-started/component-versioning')}
>

>   Not all components are designed yet, but a temporary version may have been created to start implementation and speed up development.

Reviewer: I suggest a more boilerplate phrasing to remove any negative undertones
```suggestion
  OUDS component are versioned to track updates to their design specification, ensuring consistency and traceability for users.
```

Author: Done

>   Not all components are production-ready yet, but a temporary version may have been created to start implementation and speed up development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Not all components are designed yet, but a temporary version may have been created to start implementation and speed up development.
```

Author: Done
